Update `postcss-less` to v2 (#6778)
prettier/prettier: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

const bigints = [200_000n, 0x0000_000an, 0b0111_1111n];
```

> 

Reviewer: The merge went wrong.

Author: sorry, wip

Author: done

const bigints = [200_000n, 0x0000_000an, 0b0111_1111n];
```

> #### Less: handle whitespace between variable and colon ([#6778] by [@fisker])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Less: don't lowercase variable names, remove whitespace between variable and colon ([#6778] by [@fisker])
```
